Terms of Use
============

Acceptance of Terms
-------------------

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the https://ca.la/
website (including all content and functionality available through the
https://ca.la/ domain name, the "Site") and mobile application (the
“App”). The Site and App are offered subject to acceptance without
modification of any of the terms and conditions contained herein or all
other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published
from time to time on the Site and/or App by This Is Cala, Inc. (“CALA”,
“we”, “us” and “our”). Subject to the terms of this Terms of Use (the
“Agreement”), CALA provides you with access to the Site and App, related
data, our proprietary software, and content and related documentation
and information through the Site and App in connection with our design,
sourcing and production of garment and fitting services, including our
“CALA Fit” product, and any future features, products and/or services we
may provide through the Site or App, through a technology platform (the
“Platform”) on the Site and App (collectively the “Services”).

**PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE, THE
APP AND/OR SERVICES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT
AND/OR THE PRIVACY POLICY, YOU DO NOT HAVE CALA’S AUTHORIZATION TO USE
ANY OF THE SERVICES AND YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE ANY PORTION OF THE
SITE OR APP.**

BY VISITING AND PROVIDING INFORMATION TO US THROUGH THE SITE AND/OR APP,
DOWNLOADING THE APP AND/OR REGISTERING FOR AN ACCOUNT (AN “ACCOUNT”) AS
EITHER A DESIGNER (THE “DESIGNER”) OR PRODUCTION PARTNER (THE
“PARTNER”), ACCESSING OR USING ANY PART OF THE SITE OR THE APP, YOU (THE
TERMS “YOU”, “YOUR”, AND “YOURS” SHALL REFER TO ANY AND ALL USERS OF THE
SITE AND/OR APP, INCLUDING DESIGNERS AND PARTNERS (THE “USERS”))
EXPRESSLY AGREE TO AND CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY (A) THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, (B) CALA’S privacy policy, which CAN BE
found at <https://ca.la/privacy> (THE “PRIVACY POLICY”); AND (C) THE
TERMS OF THE DESIGNER AGREEMENT AND/OR PRODUCTION PARTNER AGREEMENT, AS
APPLICABLE.

Changes
-------

CALA reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace
any of these Terms of Use at any time. It is your responsibility to
check the Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of
the Apps following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Use
constitutes acceptance of those changes.

Proprietary Rights
------------------

You acknowledge and agree that all CALA content and materials displayed
on the Site and App, delivered via the App and the Services or otherwise
made available by CALA (collectively, the “Content”) are protected by
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other
proprietary rights and laws. There may be collective work that is the
property of other third parties and such collective work is also
protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Except as
expressly authorized by CALA in writing, you agree not to sell, license,
rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display,
publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from
such materials or Content. You do not have the right to lend, lease,
rent or sublicense the Site and/or the App. However, you may print or
download a reasonable number of copies of the materials or content from
the Site or at the App for your internal business purposes; provided,
that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained
therein. You may not change or delete any proprietary notices from
materials downloaded from the Site or App. You agree not to use any CALA
logo or any other proprietary graphic or trademark without CALA's
express written consent. As between the parties, title, ownership
rights, and intellectual property rights in the Content, and any copies
or portions thereof, shall remain in CALA and/or its content providers.
Third-party trademarks, service marks and logos contained in the Site
are owned and licensed by their respective owners. Any and all rights
not expressly granted herein are reserved.

Grant of Limited License
------------------------

Your access to the Service is licensed and not sold. Subject to the
terms of this Agreement, and upon your registration for an Account, CALA
hereby grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable account
enabling you to access and use the Services and the App and the Site.
Your use of the Services (including the use of the materials that you
download in connection with the use of the App, along with any
documentation, text, software, photos, video, graphics, and music, sound
or other multimedia files that might accompany it (collectively,
“Material”)) is governed by the terms of this Agreement. We reserve the
right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your
license to use the Site, the App and Services, and to block or prevent
future access to and use of the Site, the App and Services. You are not
permitted, directly or indirectly, and the foregoing license grant does
NOT include the right for you to (a) publish, publicly perform or
display, or distribute to any third party any Materials, including
reproduction on any computer network or broadcast or publications media;
(b) market, sell or make commercial use of the Site, App, or any
Material; (c) systematically collect and use of any data or content
including the use of any data spiders, robots, or similar data
gathering, mining or extraction methods; (d) make derivative uses of the
Site, App, or the Material; or (e) use, frame or utilize framing
techniques to enclose any portion of the Site, App (including the images
found at this Site, App, or any text or the layout/design of any page or
form contained on a page).

User Agreement
--------------

In order to access the Service, you will be required to register for an
Account by providing us with information such as your name and your
email address. In addition, if you are accessing the Site and App as (a)
a Designer, you must agree to accept the terms of the Designer
Agreement, accessible here, and/or (b) a Partner, you must agree to
accept the terms of the Production Partner Agreement, accessible here.
You further agree to: (i) provide true, accurate, current and complete
information about yourself when registering for an Account, including
any credit card information (your “Credit Card”), as applicable; (ii)
maintain and promptly update your Account to keep it true, accurate,
current and complete; and (iii) authorize us, or our third party billing
service, to charge your Credit Card for any and all service fees
incurred by your use of Services, as applicable. If you provide any
information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we
have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue,
inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or
terminate your Account and refuse any and all current or future use of
the Services (or any portion thereof)

Use of App
----------

In using the App, you understand and agree that (a) your use of the App
is conditioned upon your acceptance of the terms of this Agreement; (b)
the App contains copyrighted material, trade secrets, and other
proprietary materials of CALA and its licensors; (c) you will only use
the App to access and/or use the Services; (d) you will not use any
software or services in conjunction with the Service or authorized
third-party software which modifies or reroutes, or attempts to modify
or reroute, the Service; (e) you will not authorize any third party to
access and/or use the Service on your behalf using any automated process
such as a BOT, a spider or periodic caching of information stored by the
Service on your behalf without a separate written agreement with CALA;
(f) you will not use any software or hardware that reduces the number of
Users directly accessing or using the Service (sometimes called
'multiplexing' or 'pooling' software or hardware); (g) you will not
sell, distribute, rent, lease, sublicense or otherwise transfer the App
to a third party; (h) you will permit CALA to send and deliver updates
and notifications to you as part of your use of the App; (i) you will
allow the App to automatically download and install updates from time to
time from CALA which are designed to improve, enhance and further
develop the App and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions,
new software modules and completely new versions; and (j) in order to
protect those proprietary materials, except as expressly permitted by
applicable law, neither you nor a third party acting on your behalf
will: (i) decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the App; (ii)
modify or create derivative works of the App; (iii) use the App in any
manner to provide service bureau, commercial time-sharing or other
computer services to third parties; (iv) transmit the App or provide its
functionality, in whole or in part, over the Internet or other network
(except as expressly permitted above); or (v) use components of the App
to run applications not running on the App.

Information and Privacy
-----------------------

We are firmly committed to protecting your privacy, the privacy of
Users, and the information that we gather. In registering for the
Services, you represent and agree that you will not use the Services to
track or collect personally identifiable information of Users. For our
complete policy on privacy, please visit and review our Privacy Policy
at <https://ca.la/privacy>, which is incorporated by this reference.
CALA will not edit, delete or disclose the contents of your data in
connection with the Service unless (a) reasonably necessary to perform
the Services, (b) authorized by you, (c) otherwise permitted under the
Privacy Policy, or (d) CALA is required to do so by law or regulation,
or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) conform
or comply with applicable laws, regulations or legal process, (ii)
protect or defend the rights or property of CALA or any other User, or
(iii) enforce this Agreement.

Rules and Conduct
-----------------

You represent and warrant that (a) you are over the age of eighteen (18)
and have the power, authority or consent to enter into and perform your
obligations under the Agreement; (b) all information provided by you to
us, including Credit Card information, is truthful, accurate and
complete; (c) you are authorized, or have the permission of the
authorized signatory of the Credit Card or charge card provided to us,
to pay any fees incurred from use of the Services (as applicable); (d)
you shall comply with all terms and conditions of this Agreement; (e)
you have provided and will provide accurate and complete registration
information, including, without limitation, your legal name and email
address; (f) you will maintain the security of your user identification,
password and other confidential information relating to your Account;
(g) you will maintain the security, confidentiality and integrity of all
messages and the content that you receive, transmit through or store on
the Service; (h) you will maintain all charges resulting from the use of
your Account, including but not limited to, unauthorized use of your
Account prior to you notifying us in writing of such use and taking
steps to prevent its further occurrence by changing your password; (i)
you will comply with the terms of this Agreement set forth herein; and
(j) you will comply with all applicable U.S. and international laws,
statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, contracts and applicable
licenses regarding your use of the Services, Site or App.

You further warrant, represent and agree that you will not use the Site
and/or Services in a manner that (i) infringes the intellectual property
rights or proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, of any
third party; (ii) violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation;
(iii) you should know is harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing,
tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, fraudulent, deceptive,
or misleading or otherwise objectionable; (iv) adversely affects or
reflects negatively on our goodwill, name or reputation or causes
duress, distress or discomfort to we or anyone else, or discourages any
person, firm or enterprise from using all or any portion, feature, or
function of the Site or App, or from advertising, liking or becoming a
supplier to use in connection with the Site; (v) send or result in the
transmission or junk e-mail, chain letters, duplicative or unsolicited
messages, or so-called “spamming”; (vi) transmit, distribute or upload
programs or material that contain malicious code, such as viruses,
timebombs, cancelbots, worms, trojan horse, spyware, or other
potentially harmful programs or other material or information; (vii)
falsely report to an employee or agent of CALA; (viii) circumvent,
disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the
Site or App or its features that prevent or restrict use or copying of
any content; (ix) intercept or attempt to intercept email or other
private communications not intended for you; and/or (x) causes the Site
or App to be used for commercial or business purposes, including,
without limitation, advertising, marketing, or offering goods or
services, whether or not for financial or any other form of compensation
or through linking with any other Site or web pages.  You further
warrant, represent and agree that you will not (A) post or transmit any
message, data, image or program which is indecent, obscene or
pornographic; (B) use the Site or App to threaten, harass, stalk, abuse,
or otherwise violate the legal rights (including rights of privacy and
publicity) of others; and (C) delete any author attributions, legal
notices or proprietary designations or labels in a file that you upload
to the Site. While it is not our intent to discourage you from reporting
problems about the Services, nonetheless, we reserve the right to take
such action as it deems appropriate and/or to remove any content from
the Site at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to,
upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities
relating to such content or if we are concerned that you may have
breached the provisions of this Section), at our sole discretion.

User Restrictions
-----------------

You are not permitted, directly or indirectly, to (a) engage in any acts
inconsistent with the principles of copyright protection and fair use,
as codified in 17 U.S.C. Sections 106-110, without obtaining the express
written consent of CALA and/or the copyright owner; or (b) distribute,
display, rent, lease, transfer or otherwise transfer rights to, or in
any way exploit, the Content, in whole or in part; or (c) remove any
proprietary notices or labels on the Content.

Fees and Third Party Payment Processors
---------------------------------------

**Designers.** If you access and use the Services as a Designer, the
Platform will generate fees and projected costs (the “Fees”) for the
completion of your Design Project (as defined in the Designer
Agreement). You understand and agree that you will pay all Fees in a
timely manner as set forth in the Designer Agreement and you will be
solely responsible to Partners for any non-payment or late payment of
Fees. You further understand that no Production Services will commence
until Fees are paid upfront according to the Designer Agreement.

**Partners.** If you access and use the Services as a Partner, you
understand and agree that Fees due to you for your Production Services
(as defined in the Production Partner Agreement) will be only due and
paid to you by CALA upon receipt of payment by Designers in the manner
set forth in the Production Partner Agreement. You further understand
and agree that claims or actions of any kind with respect to Fees due to
you by a Designer shall be brought solely against Designer and not CALA
in the manner set forth in the Production Partner Agreement.

**Subscription Fees.** CALA may, at times, require a subscription fee
(“Subscription Fee”) to access the Platform and Services. Notification
of such Subscription Fee will be posted to the Site and App when and if
applicable and you may choose to pay such Subscription Fee in order to
access the Platform and Services. CALA, in its sole discretion, may
waive such Subscription Fee on a case-by-case basis.

**Third party Payment Processors.** In registering for an Account and
using our Services, you understand and agree that you may be charged a
fee for the Services and we may use a third-party service provider (the
“Processor”) (e.g., Stripe, Bill.com, etc.) for payment services (e.g.,
credit card transaction processing, merchant settlement, and any related
service fees). By using the Site or Services, you agree to be bound by
Processor’s Terms of Service and Processor’s Privacy Policy. You hereby
consent to provide and authorize us and Processor to share any Credit
Card information and payment instructions you provide to the extent
required to complete the payment transactions in accordance with this
Agreement, including personal, financial, credit card payment, and
transaction information. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE
LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY CREDIT CARD(S) OR OTHER PAYMENT MEANS USED TO PAY
ANY FEE OR CHARGE. By providing us or the Processor with your payment
information, you agree that we or the Processor is authorized to
immediately invoice you for all fees and charges due and payable to us
hereunder and that no additional notice or consent is required. You
agree to immediately notify us and the Processor (as applicable) of any
change to your payment information. You will be responsible for paying
any applicable taxes relating to your payments and credits received and
will indemnify and hold harmless CALA and the Processor from any and all
taxes, including sales tax, based on any payments made or received by
you in connection with the Services.

Feedback
--------

At times, we may ask you to provide us with comments and feedback
regarding the Services and/or the Site. Any such comments or feedback
you provide through the Site will collectively be referred to as
“Feedback”. By providing Feedback to us, you grant to us a perpetual,
royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable, unrestricted, worldwide
license to use, copy, sublicense, reproduce, distribute, redistribute,
modify, adapt, publish, edit, translate, transmit, create derivative
works of, publish or broadcast, publicly perform or display any
materials or other information (including without limitation, ideas
contained therein for new or improved products or services) you submit
to us.  You further acknowledge and agree that your name and/or likeness
may be associated with your Feedback and posted on the Site and you
hereby grant us a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable,
unrestricted, worldwide license to use your name and/or likeness in
association with your Feedback. You agree that you shall have no
recourse against us for any alleged or actual infringement or
misappropriation of any proprietary right in your communication to us.
You further acknowledge and agree that no compensation will be paid with
respect to the use of your Feedback, as provided herein, and that we may
remove any Feedback we post on the Site at any time in our sole
discretion. Further, when you provide Feedback, you authorize and direct
us to make such copies thereof as we deem necessary in order to
facilitate the posting and storage of such content on the Site.

Operation
---------

We reserve complete and sole discretion with respect to the operation of
the Site and App. We may, among other things: (a) delete email or
private messages if it has not been accessed by a User within the time
established by our policies; (b) subject to the terms herein, make
available to third parties information relating to the Users; and (c)
withdraw, suspend or discontinue any functionality or feature of the
Site or App. We may, in our complete and sole discretion, review
uploaded files, conferences, forums, and chats and authorize
restrictions on access thereto. We will not review the contents of email
or private messages except as required or allowed by applicable law or
legal process.

Content and General Disclaimers
-------------------------------

**General.** THE SERVICES, SITE AND APP ARE PROVIDED BY US ON AN "AS IS"
BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES, SITE OR APP OR THE
INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THE SERVICES,
SITE OR APP. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES THAT ACCESS TO OR USE OF
THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. THERE ARE NO
WARRANTIES THAT EXTEND BEYOND THE FACE OF THESE TERMS. WE CANNOT AND DO
NOT WARRANT AGAINST HUMAN AND MACHINE ERRORS, OMISSIONS, DELAYS,
INTERRUPTIONS OR LOSSES, INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA. WE CANNOT AND DO NOT
GUARANTEE OR WARRANT THAT FILES AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOADING FROM THE
SERVICES, SITE OR APP WILL BE FREE OF INFECTION BY VIRUSES, WORMS,
TROJAN HORSES OR OTHER CODE THAT MANIFEST CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE
PROPERTIES. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THAT THE FUNCTIONS OR SERVICE
ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR
THAT DEFECTS IN THE SITE OR APP WILL BE CORRECTED. THIS DISCLAIMER OF
WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THESE TERMS.  IF YOU ARE
DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE, OR WITH ANY TERM IN THIS
AGREEMENT, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE
SERVICES. WE MAY CHANGE THE SERVICES, SITE OR APP OR THE FEATURES IN ANY
WAY, AND AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON. ALTHOUGH WE HAVE ATTEMPTED TO
PROVIDE ACCURATE INFORMATION ON THE SERVICES, SITE OR APP, WE ASSUME NO
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION.

**Informational Purposes Only.**  Any opinions expressed on the Site, or
in Feedback, are the personal opinions of the original author and not of
CALA, even though the original author may be employed by us. The Content
is provided for informational and entertainment purposes only and is not
an endorsement or representation by us or any other party.  We do not
assume any responsibility or liability for any Feedback, blogs, opinions
or other commentary posted on the Site or received by you through the
Services, or any third party website linked to the Site and makes no
express or implied warranty or guarantee about the accuracy, copyright
compliance, legality, or any other aspect of the Content.

**Disclaimer of Third Party Information.**   You understand that when
using the Site, you may be exposed to Feedback and third party content
from a variety of sources, and that we are not responsible for the
accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or
relating to such Feedback or third party content. You further understand
and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Feedback and third party
content that may be offensive, indecent, inaccurate, or objectionable,
and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable
rights or remedies you have or may have against us with respect thereto.
  You acknowledge that statements made on the Site or in Feedback
reflect only the views of their authors. Forum managers, forum hosts,
content providers, or merchants appearing on the Site, if applicable,
are not authorized CALA spokespersons, and their views do not
necessarily reflect those of CALA, and we do not endorse any Feedback,
or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein.

**Links to Third Party Sites.** The Site or App may permit you to link
to other websites on the Internet, and other websites may contain links
to the Site or App. These other websites are not under CALA control, and
you acknowledge that CALA is not responsible for the accuracy, legality,
appropriateness or any other aspect of the content or function of such
websites. The inclusion of any such link does not imply endorsement by
CALA or any association with its operators.

Idemnification
--------------

YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS CALA, ITS OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, STOCKHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, INFORMATION PROVIDERS AND
SUPPLIERS FROM AND AGAINST ALL LOSSES, EXPENSES, DAMAGES AND COSTS,
INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY'S FEES, RESULTING FROM ANY VIOLATION OF
THIS AGREEMENT, BREACH OF YOUR REPRESENTATIONS CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN
THE DESIGNER AGREEMENT OR PRODUCTION PARTNER AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE,
OR ANY ACTIVITY RELATED TO YOUR ACCOUNT (INCLUDING INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTIES' WORLDWIDE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR NEGLIGENT OR WRONGFUL
CONDUCT) BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON ACCESSING THE SERVICES, SITE OR APP
USING YOUR ACCOUNT.

Waiver and Release
------------------

YOU AGREE THAT NEITHER WE NOR OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, STOCKHOLDERS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO
YOU UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY OR INDEMNITY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR
USE OF THE SERVICES, SITE OR THE APP OR THE CONTENT. YOU SPECIFICALLY
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR FEEDBACK OR THE DEFAMATORY,
OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF
HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. YOU HEREBY
RELEASE AND FOREVER WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST CALA,
OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, STOCKHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS OR
SUPPLIERS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLAIMS BASED UPON THE NEGLIGENCE
OF CALA, OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, STOCKHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS,
LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS) FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES YOU SUSTAIN IN CONNECTION
WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, THE SITE, THE APP, OR THE CONTENT.

Limitation of Liability
-----------------------

IN NO EVENT SHALL CALA (OR ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) BE
LIABLE CONCERNING THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, regardless of
the form of any claim or action (whether in CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE), for any (A) MATTER BEYOND ITS REASONABLE
CONTROL, (B) LOSS OR INACCURACY of data, loss or interruption OF USE, OR
COST OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE TECHNOLOGY, GOODS or SERVICES, OR (C)
DIRECT OR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF
BUSINESS, REVENUES, PROFITS OR GOODWILL, EVEN IF CALA HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS ARE INDEPENDENT
FROM ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND SHALL APPLY
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY REMEDY PROVIDED HEREIN.

Copyright or Intellectual Property Infringement Notification
------------------------------------------------------------

We respect the intellectual property rights of others. You can notify us
of possible copyright infringement, and we will review all claims of
copyright infringement received and remove content deemed to have been
posted or distributed in violation of any such laws. To make a claim,
please provide the following:

-   (a) A physical or an electronic signature of the person authorized
        to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other
        intellectual property interest that is allegedly infringed;
-   (b) A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual
        property that you claim has been infringed;
-   (c) A description of where the material that you claim is infringing
        is located on the Site reasonably sufficient to permit us to
        locate the material;
-   (d) Your contact information, including your address, telephone
        number, and email;
-   (e) A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of
    the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the
    copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
-   (f) A statement by you that the above information in your notice is
    accurate and that you, made under penalty of perjury, are the
    copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the
    copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.  Contact the
    agent designated to receive and act on copyright violations under
    the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). Claims can be
    directed to us at +4156805059, hi@ca.la, This is CALA, Inc. 855
    Folsom St. San Francisco, CA 94107.

Miscellaneous
-------------

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law rules,
and the United States of America. You agree that any legal action or
proceeding between CALA and you for any purpose concerning this
Agreement, the Designer Agreement or Production Partner Agreement, as
applicable, or the parties' obligations hereunder or thereunder shall be
brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction sitting in San
Francisco County, California, United States. Any cause of action or
claim you may have with respect to CALA must be commenced within one (1)
year after the claim or cause of action arises. Our failure to insist
upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement
shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. If any
provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid,
that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent
necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and
effect and enforceable. CALA may assign, transfer or delegate any of its
rights and obligations hereunder without consent. All waivers and
modifications must be in a writing signed by CALA, except as otherwise
provided herein. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this
Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more
instances, shall be deemed to be, or shall constitute, a waiver of any
other term, provision or condition hereof, whether or not similar, nor
shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver of any such term,
provision or condition hereof. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or
employment relationship is created as a result of this Agreement, and
neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any
respect. This Agreement, along with the Designer Agreement and
Production Partner Agreement, as applicable, constitutes the complete
and exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties with
respect to the Site, the App and Services and supersedes any and all
prior or contemporaneous communications, representations, statements and
understandings, whether oral or written, between the parties concerning
the Service. If any action in law or in equity is necessary to enforce
the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to
reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants, and other professionals, and
costs and expenses in addition to any other relief to which such
prevailing party may be entitled. No provisions of this Agreement are
intended, nor will be interpreted, to provide or create any third party
beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any Nonprofit
User, client, customer, affiliate, or any party hereto or any other
person unless specifically provided otherwise herein, and except as so
provided, all provisions hereof will be personal solely between the
parties to this Agreement; except that the sections pertaining to
Indemnification, Waiver and Release, and Liability Limitation are
intended to benefit CALA and its officers, directors, stockholders,
directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers.

Export Controls
---------------

You shall comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations
of the Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury
Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), or other United States or
foreign agency or authority, and not to export, or allow the export or
re-export of the Material in violation of any such restrictions, laws or
regulations. By downloading or using the Material, you are agreeing to
the foregoing and you are representing and warranting that You are not
located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any
restricted country or on any such list.

Copyright and Trademark Notices
-------------------------------

Unless otherwise indicated, these Terms of Use and all Content provided
by CALA are copyright © 2018 This Is Cala, Inc. All rights reserved.
CALA and the CALA logo are trademarks of This Is Cala, Inc.

Contact
-------

You may contact CALA at hi@ca.la.
